Yun Shao, this is not good
This is going to kill you, this kid did this to me
I can lie in a hospital bed for the rest of my life
I might, but I wanted him dead that day.
Stop talking nonsense. Didn't you hear what Wei Ze said to you?
I'll give you two days.
Do things for me
Then you will die
Mom and Dad, what are you doing?
Your father said to take me on a trip
Dad, really?
It's been so many years
Is your mother having a hard time?
I'm also powerless abroad
So I'm going to take your mom out for a walk
By the way, are you okay with this?
I'm fine. Didn't Yang suggest helping me?
Pick me up when I grow up
Nice boy nice
Are you ambitious?
Ah, hahaha, that's right.
What about Feng Haicai, why can't I see him recently?
Mr. Feng has been busy recently
Maybe there's no time.
Who is this Feng Hai?
He is domineering
Yang Xin, vice president of the Huaqing Chamber of Commerce
Go back and introduce them to each other
This Feng Haicai doesn't know what he is busy with all day
What's wrong, little fish?
It's nothing, I'll go out for a while.